Buisness requirement gathering specification


Name:  IET-Agro

Team : Kajal Gawali


Users : Farmer
        Vendor
        sales
        Agri College
        House Garden customers
        Delivery
        Shopkeeper
        Research lab
        IET Team
                  

          Regional language
Expectations : 1)Farmer 
		Any information should be avaliable in regional language. Information regarding all type of farming like dairy,
poutry, goat, fish etc. farming along with traditional soil farming. In soil framing, Agro tech should test soil and recommends
various solution according to the crop that needs to be harvested. During this process, starting phase like seeds purchases,
sowing machinaries, pestisides, fertilizers etc. market place should made avaliable from various venders.
Weather forecasting should be shown along with suggestions regarding seasonal crop to increase yeild. 
Live solutions for various diseases as well as help with harvesting cycle.
                   


               
               2)Vendor/Manufacturer
vendors should get gathered information regarding area wise farmers population, their harvesting details  along with their
market needs. Vendor should get show their inventory which should be inline with the farmers need. Inventory information should
easy modified updated by vendor and should be easily purchased by farmers. Any Adverticment should be published and shown to increase
bussiness with farmers.   information on the daily rates on crops selected by the member subscribers on a localized, district level,
state level, national and international levels. rates provided will also be commensurate with the rates prevalent 
on that date based on the area of residence of the member.

rates are announced after meticulous gathering and compilation and comparison of the current estimated production level and 
localized, national and international demand for the harvest, export possibilities and propensities, residualstock 
from earlier harvests and governmental controls and regulations pertaining to that particular crop/harvest, thus 
enabling the member subscribers to be fully equipped and thorough in their knowledgebase to take timely, proper and 
informed decision.

             Details of farmer's crop/disease of crop/Types of Products with different  concentration
              
               3) Salepersons 
 Salesperson should get infomration from farmers to ease their area investigation. They should be able to give information               
about products like harbisites,pestisides,fertilizers
  Salepersons should get all the deep details of the each products so they can delivered it to the farmers/shopkeeprs
 Area investigation/inventory of products/information of products

              
               4)  Agri College
                  crop details / Area wise distribution of crop/Types of Products with different  concentration/information of lab

               5) House Garden customers
                   
