Document: System Requirement Specification Document

Title: IET Agrotech

Team:	Farmer
        Vendor
        salesperson
        Agri College
        Delivery
        Shopkeeper
        Research lab
        IET Team

Objective (Purpose):
	The online Krushi Seva is the solution for all types of crop harvesting, marketplace, weather forecasting,
	and all guidance for farming, vendors, Consumers, shippers as well as internal users (Staff)  through a single
	Gateway using the internet. It will enable vendors to set up online shops, and customers to browse through the 
	virtual shop and purchase products online without visiting the shop physically. Agri colleges and research labs 
	will be able to rectify farmers' queries and will be able to provide services virtually. 

Scope:
	This System allows vendors to maintain their products for adding or removing from the catalog based on their 
	availability. Farmers will be able to review orders history and Agri colleges and research labs may able to 
	provide solutions within 24 hours. IET TEAM will be able to manage customers, vendors, Agri colleges, and research
	labs through the admin dashboard. A salesperson person will be able to get provide samples and guidance for 
	the harvesting process. 
	The System will be able to provide the live solution for crop harvest and disease precautions 
	Vendors will able to see Operational statistics trends through a Customized dashboard for stakeholders.

Functional Requirement:

   Expectations: 
        1)Farmer 
		Any information should be available in the regional language. Information regarding all types of farming
		guidance from crop harvesting to crop selling with detailed weather reports and future requirements.
		Agro tech should provide complete Crop information on a single platform. It should provide Information
		Specifying land quality, climatic conditions, fertilizer, and the amount of water required for the crop
		has been illustrated. Agro tech should modulate soil test and recommends various solution provided
		by agri institutions like agri colleges and research labs. During this process, starting phases like
		seed purchases, sowing machinery, pesticides, fertilizers, etc. market place should make available
		from various vendors. Weather forecasting should be shown along with suggestions regarding seasonal 
		crops to increase yield. Live solutions for various diseases as well as help with the harvesting cycle.
		
		2)Vendor/Manufacturer
		vendors should get gathered information regarding area-wise farmer population, their harvesting details
		along with their market needs. A vendor should get show their inventory which should be in line with the
		farmer's needs. Inventory information should easily be modified and updated by the vendor and should be
		easily purchased by farmers. Any advertisement should be published and shown to increase business with
		farmers.   information on the daily rates of crops selected by the member subscribers on localized, district
		level, state level, national and international levels. rates provided will also be commensurate with 
		the rates prevalent on that date based on the area of residence of the member.  
        Product rates are announced after meticulous gathering and compilation and comparison of the current
		estimated production level and localized, national, and international demand for the harvest, export 
		possibilities and propensities, residual stock from earlier harvests, and governmental controls and 
		regulations of that particular crop/harvest, thus enabling the member subscribers to be fully equipped
		and thorough in their knowledgebase to take a timely, proper and informed decision. It should consist
		of unique functionality which provides all the updated crop rates on one platform for the farmers.
        Details of farmer's crop/disease of crop/Types of Products with different  concentration              
        
		3) Salespersons 
        The salesperson should get information from farmers to ease their area investigation. They should be 
		able to give information about products like herbicides, pesticides, and fertilizers Salespersons should 
		get all the details of each product so they can be delivered to the farmers/shopkeepers. 
        Area investigation/inventory of products/information on products
        
		4)Agri College
         Agri college should be able to attend all matters concerning the development of new technology in
		 agriculture, horticulture, natural resources management, agriculture engineering, agricultural 
		 extension, animal science, economic statistics, and marketing and fisheries, including such functions 
		 as plant and animal introduction and exploration and soil and land use survey and planning.
         crop details / Area wise distribution of crops/Types of Products with different concentrations/information
		 of lab
        
Non Functional Requirement: 

	     1)Security	
		Each stakeholder will be to access the system through the authentication process. The system will
		provide access to the content, and operations using Role-based security (Authorization)
		(Permissions based on Role) Using SSL in all transactions which will be performed by stakeholders. 
		It would protect confidential information shared by the system with the stakeholder of Shared by a 
		stakeholder to the system. The system will automatically log all stakeholders after some time due
		to inactivity. The system will block operations for inactive stakeholders and would redirect for
		authentication. 	The system will internally maintain a secure communication channel between
		Servers ( Web Servers, App Servers, database Servers) Sensitive data will be always encrypted across
		the communication. User proper firewall to protect servers from outside fishing, and vulnerable attacks.
        
		2)Reliability
		The system will back up business data on regular basis and recover in a short time duration to keep the
		system operational Continuous updates are maintained, and continuous administration is done to keep the
		system operational. During peak hours system will maintain the same user experience by managing load 
		balancing 
	    
		3)Availability 
		The system will be available all the time. It can be accessed 24*7 anytime. 
	
	    4)Maintainability:
		Commercial database software will be used to maintain System Data Persistence. A readymade Web Server
		will be installed to host an online shopping portal (Web Site) to manage server capabilities.
		IT operations team will easily monitor and configure the System using Administrative tools provided
		by Servers. A separate environment will be maintained for a system for isolation in production, testing, 
		and development.

	    5)Portability:
		The system will provide a portable User-friendly Interface in a mobile application with regional 
		language support.  The system can be deployed to a single server, multi-server, to any OS, 
		Cloud (Azure or AWS or GCP)

	    6)Accessibility:
		Only registered customers will be able to place an order after authentication.	The salesperson can
		reject or approve orders, and the farmer's request based on the role provided.	
		Vendors  and Manufacturers will be able to see their product sale graph

	    7)Durability:
		  The system will retain the customer's shopping cart for 15 minutes even though the customer 
		  loses the internet connection and join again.  The system will implement backup and recovery 
		  for retaining stakeholders' data, business operation data, and business data over time.

	    8)Efficiency:
		During Harvesting season, a maximum number of Farmers will place an order, and view products with 
		the same response time. The system will be able to manage all transactions in isolation.

	    8)Modularity:
		 The system will be designed and developed using reusable, independent, or dependent business scenarios
		 in the form of modules. These modules will be loosely coupled and highly cohesive. The system will
		 contain CRM, Inventory, shopping cart, vendors, order processing, payment processing, Delivery module,
		 membership, and Roles management modules.
	
	    9)Scalability:
		The system will be able to provide consistent user experience to stakeholders as well as visitors
		irrespective of load. When the number of users will increase that time the system will adjust 
		according to load, and when customers are fewer then it will adjust accordingly.
